doc: clarify effect of stream.destroy() on write() (#25973)
nodejs/node: doc/api/stream.md

added: v8.0.0
-->

> * `error` {Error} Optional, an error to emit with `'error'` event.

Reviewer: There is no need to explicitly list it as "Optional". That's communicated by `[error]` in the signature on line 367.

Reviewer: Errors are not emitted. Events are emitted. Maybe: ```Provided as the argument to callbacks listening for the `error` event``` or something like that?

Reviewer: > There is no need to explicitly list it as "Optional". That's communicated by `[error]` in the signature on line 367.

Ugh, never mind that comment. I see "Optional" is all over this doc already. So, yeah, consistency over my preferences for sure.

> * `error` {Error} Optional, an error to emit with `'error'` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `error` {Error} Optional, an error used as an argument for any callbacks listening to the `'error'` event.
```

...or something like that? Nit-picky perhaps, but errors aren't emitted; events are. Anyway, optional nit, feel free to ignore.

Author: I thought I said that, and I don't want to reword the `EventEmitter.emit()` docs here. How about I reorder the words: "Optional, the `'error'` event will be emitted with the `error` as an argument."?

Reviewer: That seems OK to me.

Reviewer: (Although "as an argument for any listeners" or might be a hair better? Anyway, I'm OK with any of the possibilities here. Improvements/clarifications can always come at a later date.)

* Returns: {this}

Destroy the stream. Optionally emit an `'error'` event, and always emit

> a `'close'` event.

Author: This chunk and the previous one are obvious doc clarifications, its the chunk after this that I'm not sure about.

After this call, the writable stream has ended and subsequent calls
to `write()` or `end()` will result in an `ERR_STREAM_DESTROYED` error.

> This is a destructive and immediate way to destroy a stream. Previous calls to

Author: The above sentence defines interaction with *subsequent* calls, but interaction with *previous* calls was undefined.

> `write()` may not have drained, and may trigger an `ERR_STREAM_DESTROYED` error.

Reviewer 2: I think https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24062 should have prevented exatly this :(

Reviewer 2: (i.e. if this does still happen, I’d say it’s a bug.)

Author: That's too bad, I hoped I could rewrite the tests.

Author: Should this be removed from the docs then? Its clearly possible, at least in one specific instance, but that doesn't mean people should code to expect it.

Reviewer 2: @sam-github I am not eager to document it if it’s buggy, yes … 

If you point me in the direction of steps to reproduce, I’ll definitely look into it

Author: @addaleax In the process of preparing a decent branch for you to look at I realized I was causing this problem myself, trying to cause data to flow in a way that fixed some things, but broke others. I'm still making progress, I think I just fixed the problem causing data not to flow with tls1.3 (the right way, this time), but if I run into another streams related wall, I'll take you up on this offer.

Wrt to this specific PR, I'll remove the reference to things that shouldn't happen.

Author: I'll remove the ref in a follow up PR.

> Use `end()` instead of destroy if data should flush before close, or wait for

Reviewer 3: `destroy` -> ` ``destroy()` `` (with rewrapping, unfortunately).
